feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancescripttiming/executionstart/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceScriptTiming: executionStart property"
short-title: executionStart
slug: Web/API/PerformanceScriptTiming/executionStart
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceScriptTiming.executionStart
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`executionStart`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time script compilation finished and execution started.

Reviewer: for slightly smoother read?
```suggestion
The **`executionStart`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time when the script compilation finished and execution started.
```

Author: Sure, makes sense. Updated, here and on the interface landing page.

> The **`executionStart`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time script compilation finished and execution started, in milliseconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`executionStart`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time script compilation finished and execution started, in milliseconds.
```
